Here are some tips to write for the report

1) State and elaborate what you have done so far in the project.

- Instead of just describing what you did like "In this project, we did a web-based 
plugin using xml bla bla", Try to give in more inputs on how it is beneficial, unique 
and the stuff you have learnt about the project

- If your doing a research based project or a project that involves performance 
analysis, add adequate amount of profiling tests(benchmarking of speed etc) in 
the form of graphs/charts

2) Describe the uniqueness of the project if there are other variants of it elsewhere 
in the net.

- Some projects have similar implementations in the web done by other 
universities or external parties. List at least one or two implementations and
describe how your project improves/differs compared to these implementations.

- If possible, you can add do a performance analysis of your project and these
implementations and highlight the differences with a short description.

- If it is a very new project, you can describe how it improves the scenario it is 
based upon. 

3) State what you are going to achieve/do from now onwards for this project

- Basically describe your future plans for this project such as improving your code,
using a different tool to test your application etc. 

- Add in some explanations on why you think this is useful in the future for your 
project and how it improves your current work on the project if possible.

IMPORTANT NOTES :

- Remember to state your progress according to your project schedule/plan. Do not 
deviate from your original schedule.

- If you haven't achieved what you intended to do according to your project 
schedule, please state the constraints that prevented you and how you intend to 
rectify them in the future.

FINAL REMINDER :

The quality of your work isnt determined about how much stuff you can input inside 
the report nor is it about how it is presented graphically to the reader; It is 
determined by your ability to describe the points you wish to relay without going 
overboard. Remember that the point of this report is to evaluate your progress and 
understanding of your project.